#NowPlaying “LOOΠΔ/Olivia Hye - Egoist (Feat. JinSoul)”
Yves: Olivia Hye~ how do you feel?
Olivia Hye: I was very nervous at first…
Olivia Hye: However, I think I’m dong good right now...
Yves: Right. You look very beautiful in the camera~
Olivia Hye: The members really helped me a lot~
Chuu: Five thumbs up!
Yves: What scenes are left to shoot?
Olivia Hye: I’m gonna film with JinSoul at an underground parking lot!
Chuu: Oh~ Group dance~
Go Won: Underground parking lot?
Yves: Olivia Hye had bruises on her shoulders arms and legs…
Go Won: Bruised~
Yves: She prepared it super hard.
Yves: Please send a video letter to fans~
Olivia Hye: I’ll do my best as well as I've prepared hard~
Olivia Hye: I hope you will look forward to it~
Olivia Hye: And please give me your support after it’s released!
Chuu: Okay!